[doc] Add Commit Escalation Guidelines (#2389)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/project/committers.md

The list of committers is maintained within the project's Git repository and is available in the [COMMITTERS file](https://github.com/lowRISC/opentitan/blob/master/COMMITTERS) in the repository root.

## Commit Escalation Guidelines

When reviewing a pull request, there are a range of options in giving feedback.
Although committers have the final say on patch approval or requiring changes, the task of reviewing is shared by all contributors, who may make similar requests.
Options for reviewing a pull request include:
* Approval, with no further conditions.
  * This is appropriate when you are confident the changes are correct, sufficiently explained, in line with the project coding styles, and don't need further review by others or a companion [RFC]({{< relref "rfc_process" >}}) to be written.
    You should only use this for cases where you have sufficient expertise in the areas being modified.
  * Note that if the PR came from someone without commit rights, you will need to rebase and merge for them.
* Approval, but with a request to get an additional approval from other named reviewers.

>   * This is appropriate when you believe the changes are correct, but would either like a second opinion or to ensure that another contributor is aware of and approves of the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This is appropriate when you believe the changes are correct, but would either like a second opinion or ensure that another contributor is aware of and approves of the changes.
```

Reviewer 2: I think the original is more accurate, but I'm no grammarian. The former would expand as "but would like a second opinion or would like to ensure that ..."

* Request for changes.
  * This is appropriate when problems or potential improvements are spotted that can be addressed by the original submitter updating the pull request.

> * Request for further design rationale be written up and shared (but a full RFC isn't necessary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Request for further design rationale (to?) be written up and shared (but a full [RFC]({{< relref "rfc_process" >}}) isn't necessary).
```

Reviewer 2: I think imphil's improvements read better (with the "to"). Or "request that further design rationale be written up".

>   * This is appropriate when the rationale for a change is not clear, or a lack of accompanying documentation makes reviewing the code more challenging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This is appropriate when the rationale for a change is not clear, or a lack of accompanying documentation makes reviewing the code challenging.
```

Reviewer 2: agreeing with imphil

>     This can commonly occur with localised changes or changes to complex logic, where further explanation would be valuable for people working in that area but it's not an issue that requires project-wide consensus.

Reviewer: I find the part "occur with localised changes or changes to complex logic" confusing, since the two parts of the `or` are quite different. How about simply 

```suggestion
    This can commonly occur when further explanation would be valuable for people working in that area but no project-wide consensus is needed.
```

> * Request that an RFC be written up and submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Request that an RFC is/will be written up and submitted.
```

? (I guess your English is better than mine.)

Reviewer 2: agreeing with asb on this one

  * This is appropriate when adding a major new piece of code (e.g. an IP block) or when a change is cross-cutting and likely to require input from many stakeholders.

>     The expectation is that in many cases, project contributors will recognise when an RFC is needed before getting to the point of submitting a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The expectation is that in many cases, project contributors will recognize when an RFC is needed before getting to the point of submitting a pull request.
```
